README.md, before:

# Offcourse

[![npm version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/offcourse?color=cb0000&label=npm)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/offcourse)
[![npm downloads](https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/offcourse?color=cb0000)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/offcourse)
[![license](https://img.shields.io/npm/l/offcourse?color=cb0000)](https://github.com/sebastian-software/offcourse/blob/main/LICENSE)
[![node](https://img.shields.io/node/v/offcourse?color=cb0000)](https://nodejs.org)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/sebastian-software/offcourse/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/sebastian-software/offcourse)
[![CI](https://github.com/sebastian-software/offcourse/actions/workflows/ci.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/sebastian-software/offcourse/actions/workflows/ci.yml)

Download online courses for offline access – of course! 📚

Saves video content and lesson text as Markdown files, organized by module structure.

## Features

- 🔐 **Browser-based authentication** – Log in once, sessions are cached
- 📚 **Course structure preservation** – Maintains module/lesson hierarchy
- 🎬 **Video downloads** – Supports Loom, Vimeo, HLS streams (native HighLevel videos)
- 📝 **Content extraction** – Converts lesson text to clean Markdown
- ⏸️ **Resumable syncs** – Skips already downloaded content
- ⚡ **Concurrent downloads** – Configurable parallelism
- 🔍 **Auto-detection** – Automatically detects platform from URL

## Supported Platforms

| Platform | Status | Notes |
|----------|--------|-------|
| [Skool.com](https://skool.com) | ✅ Supported | Community courses |
| [HighLevel (GoHighLevel)](https://gohighlevel.com) | ✅ Supported | Membership portals, ClientClub |
| [LearningSuite.io](https://learningsuite.io) | 🚧 Planned | |

## Installation

```bash
npm install -g offcourse
```

Or run directly with npx:

```bash
npx offcourse <command>
```

Requires Node.js 22+.

For HLS video downloads (HighLevel native videos), [ffmpeg](https://ffmpeg.org/) must be installed:

```bash
# macOS
brew install ffmpeg

# Ubuntu/Debian
sudo apt install ffmpeg

# Windows (via Chocolatey)
choco install ffmpeg
```

## Usage

### Login

```bash
# Opens browser for interactive login
offcourse login

# Force re-login
offcourse login --force
```

### Sync a Course

The `sync` command auto-detects the platform from the URL:

```bash
# Auto-detect platform and download
offcourse sync <url>

# Skip video downloads
offcourse sync <url> --skip-videos

# Skip text content
offcourse sync <url> --skip-content

# Preview without downloading
offcourse sync <url> --dry-run

# Limit to first N lessons (for testing)
offcourse sync <url> --limit 5

# Override course name (useful when auto-detection fails)
offcourse sync <url> --course-name "My Course Name"

# Prefer specific video quality
offcourse sync <url> --quality 720p
```

### Platform-Specific Commands

```bash
# Skool courses
offcourse sync-skool https://www.skool.com/your-community/classroom

# HighLevel/GoHighLevel membership portals
offcourse sync-highlevel https://member.example.com/courses/products/<id>
offcourse sync-highlevel <url> --course-name "Course Name"
```

### Configuration

```bash
# Show current config
offcourse config show

# Set output directory
offcourse config set outputDir ~/Courses

# Set video quality (highest, lowest, 1080p, 720p, 480p)
offcourse config set videoQuality 720p

# Set download concurrency (1-5)
offcourse config set concurrency 3

# Run headless (no browser window)
offcourse config set headless true
```

### Inspect (Debugging)

```bash
# Analyze page structure
offcourse inspect <url>

# Save analysis to files
offcourse inspect <url> --output ./analysis

# Include full HTML dump
offcourse inspect <url> --full
```

## Output Structure

```
~/Downloads/offcourse/
└── course-name/
    ├── 01-module-name/
    │   ├── 01-lesson-name/
    │   │   ├── content.md
    │   │   └── video.mp4
    │   └── 02-another-lesson/
    │       ├── content.md
    │       └── video.mp4
    └── 02-next-module/
        └── ...
```

## Platform Notes

### HighLevel (GoHighLevel)

HighLevel is an all-in-one marketing platform with a "Memberships" feature for hosting courses. Offcourse supports:

- **Authentication**: Firebase-based login via browser
- **Course structure**: Extracts products, categories, and posts via API
- **Video downloads**: Native HLS videos with quality selection (requires ffmpeg)
- **Embedded videos**: Vimeo, Loom, and other embedded players

Common HighLevel portal URLs:
- `https://member.yourdomain.com/courses/...`
- `https://portal.yourdomain.com/courses/...`
- `https://courses.yourdomain.com/...`

## Development

### Setup

```bash
# Clone the repository
git clone https://github.com/sebastian-software/offcourse.git
cd offcourse

# Install dependencies
npm install

# Build
npm run build

# Link globally (optional)
npm link
```

### Commands

```bash
# Watch mode
npm run dev

# Run directly (without build)
npx tsx src/cli/index.ts <command>

# Lint
npm run lint

# Format
npm run format

# Type check
npm run typecheck

# Test
npm test
```

### Git Hooks

This project uses [Husky](https://typicode.github.io/husky/) for Git hooks:

- **pre-commit**: Runs Prettier on staged files via lint-staged
- **pre-push**: Runs ESLint and TypeScript type checking
- **commit-msg**: Validates commit messages follow [Conventional Commits](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/)

### Commit Convention

We follow [Conventional Commits](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/). Commit messages must follow this format:

```
<type>[optional scope]: <description>

[optional body]

[optional footer(s)]
```

**Types:**

- `feat`: New feature
- `fix`: Bug fix
- `docs`: Documentation changes
- `style`: Code style changes (formatting, semicolons, etc.)
- `refactor`: Code refactoring
- `perf`: Performance improvements
- `test`: Adding or updating tests
- `chore`: Maintenance tasks
- `ci`: CI/CD changes

**Examples:**

```bash
git commit -m "feat: add support for Vimeo downloads"
git commit -m "fix: handle missing video URLs gracefully"
git commit -m "docs: update installation instructions"
```

### Releasing

Releases are managed with [release-it](https://github.com/release-it/release-it). The release process:

1. Runs linting, type checking, and tests
2. Bumps version based on conventional commits
3. Generates/updates `CHANGELOG.md`
4. Creates a Git tag and GitHub release
5. Publishes to npm

```bash
# Interactive release (will prompt for version bump)
npm run release

# Dry run (preview what would happen)
npm run release -- --dry-run

# Specific version bump
npm run release -- --minor
npm run release -- --major
```

## License

MIT

Commit message:

docs: add acknowledgments section thanking Sindre Sorhus

README.md, after:

# Offcourse

[![npm version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/offcourse?color=cb0000&label=npm)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/offcourse)
[![npm downloads](https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/offcourse?color=cb0000)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/offcourse)
[![license](https://img.shields.io/npm/l/offcourse?color=cb0000)](https://github.com/sebastian-software/offcourse/blob/main/LICENSE)
[![node](https://img.shields.io/node/v/offcourse?color=cb0000)](https://nodejs.org)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/sebastian-software/offcourse/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/sebastian-software/offcourse)
[![CI](https://github.com/sebastian-software/offcourse/actions/workflows/ci.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/sebastian-software/offcourse/actions/workflows/ci.yml)

Download online courses for offline access – of course! 📚

Saves video content and lesson text as Markdown files, organized by module structure.

## Features

- 🔐 **Browser-based authentication** – Log in once, sessions are cached
- 📚 **Course structure preservation** – Maintains module/lesson hierarchy
- 🎬 **Video downloads** – Supports Loom, Vimeo, HLS streams (native HighLevel videos)
- 📝 **Content extraction** – Converts lesson text to clean Markdown
- ⏸️ **Resumable syncs** – Skips already downloaded content
- ⚡ **Concurrent downloads** – Configurable parallelism
- 🔍 **Auto-detection** – Automatically detects platform from URL

## Supported Platforms

| Platform | Status | Notes |
|----------|--------|-------|
| [Skool.com](https://skool.com) | ✅ Supported | Community courses |
| [HighLevel (GoHighLevel)](https://gohighlevel.com) | ✅ Supported | Membership portals, ClientClub |
| [LearningSuite.io](https://learningsuite.io) | 🚧 Planned | |

## Installation

```bash
npm install -g offcourse
```

Or run directly with npx:

```bash
npx offcourse <command>
```

Requires Node.js 22+.

For HLS video downloads (HighLevel native videos), [ffmpeg](https://ffmpeg.org/) must be installed:

```bash
# macOS
brew install ffmpeg

# Ubuntu/Debian
sudo apt install ffmpeg

# Windows (via Chocolatey)
choco install ffmpeg
```

## Usage

### Login

```bash
# Opens browser for interactive login
offcourse login

# Force re-login
offcourse login --force
```

### Sync a Course

The `sync` command auto-detects the platform from the URL:

```bash
# Auto-detect platform and download
offcourse sync <url>

# Skip video downloads
offcourse sync <url> --skip-videos

# Skip text content
offcourse sync <url> --skip-content

# Preview without downloading
offcourse sync <url> --dry-run

# Limit to first N lessons (for testing)
offcourse sync <url> --limit 5

# Override course name (useful when auto-detection fails)
offcourse sync <url> --course-name "My Course Name"

# Prefer specific video quality
offcourse sync <url> --quality 720p
```

### Platform-Specific Commands

```bash
# Skool courses
offcourse sync-skool https://www.skool.com/your-community/classroom

# HighLevel/GoHighLevel membership portals
offcourse sync-highlevel https://member.example.com/courses/products/<id>
offcourse sync-highlevel <url> --course-name "Course Name"
```

### Configuration

```bash
# Show current config
offcourse config show

# Set output directory
offcourse config set outputDir ~/Courses

# Set video quality (highest, lowest, 1080p, 720p, 480p)
offcourse config set videoQuality 720p

# Set download concurrency (1-5)
offcourse config set concurrency 3

# Run headless (no browser window)
offcourse config set headless true
```

### Inspect (Debugging)

```bash
# Analyze page structure
offcourse inspect <url>

# Save analysis to files
offcourse inspect <url> --output ./analysis

# Include full HTML dump
offcourse inspect <url> --full
```

## Output Structure

```
~/Downloads/offcourse/
└── course-name/
    ├── 01-module-name/
    │   ├── 01-lesson-name/
    │   │   ├── content.md
    │   │   └── video.mp4
    │   └── 02-another-lesson/
    │       ├── content.md
    │       └── video.mp4
    └── 02-next-module/
        └── ...
```

## Platform Notes

### HighLevel (GoHighLevel)

HighLevel is an all-in-one marketing platform with a "Memberships" feature for hosting courses. Offcourse supports:

- **Authentication**: Firebase-based login via browser
- **Course structure**: Extracts products, categories, and posts via API
- **Video downloads**: Native HLS videos with quality selection (requires ffmpeg)
- **Embedded videos**: Vimeo, Loom, and other embedded players

Common HighLevel portal URLs:
- `https://member.yourdomain.com/courses/...`
- `https://portal.yourdomain.com/courses/...`
- `https://courses.yourdomain.com/...`

## Development

### Setup

```bash
# Clone the repository
git clone https://github.com/sebastian-software/offcourse.git
cd offcourse

# Install dependencies
npm install

# Build
npm run build

# Link globally (optional)
npm link
```

### Commands

```bash
# Watch mode
npm run dev

# Run directly (without build)
npx tsx src/cli/index.ts <command>

# Lint
npm run lint

# Format
npm run format

# Type check
npm run typecheck

# Test
npm test
```

### Git Hooks

This project uses [Husky](https://typicode.github.io/husky/) for Git hooks:

- **pre-commit**: Runs Prettier on staged files via lint-staged
- **pre-push**: Runs ESLint and TypeScript type checking
- **commit-msg**: Validates commit messages follow [Conventional Commits](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/)

### Commit Convention

We follow [Conventional Commits](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/). Commit messages must follow this format:

```
<type>[optional scope]: <description>

[optional body]

[optional footer(s)]
```

**Types:**

- `feat`: New feature
- `fix`: Bug fix
- `docs`: Documentation changes
- `style`: Code style changes (formatting, semicolons, etc.)
- `refactor`: Code refactoring
- `perf`: Performance improvements
- `test`: Adding or updating tests
- `chore`: Maintenance tasks
- `ci`: CI/CD changes

**Examples:**

```bash
git commit -m "feat: add support for Vimeo downloads"
git commit -m "fix: handle missing video URLs gracefully"
git commit -m "docs: update installation instructions"
```

### Releasing

Releases are managed with [release-it](https://github.com/release-it/release-it). The release process:

1. Runs linting, type checking, and tests
2. Bumps version based on conventional commits
3. Generates/updates `CHANGELOG.md`
4. Creates a Git tag and GitHub release
5. Publishes to npm

```bash
# Interactive release (will prompt for version bump)
npm run release

# Dry run (preview what would happen)
npm run release -- --dry-run

# Specific version bump
npm run release -- --minor
npm run release -- --major
```

## Acknowledgments

A huge thank you to [Sindre Sorhus](https://github.com/sindresorhus) 🙏 for creating and maintaining so many excellent packages that power this project:

- [`@sindresorhus/slugify`](https://github.com/sindresorhus/slugify) – Slugify a string
- [`conf`](https://github.com/sindresorhus/conf) – Simple config handling
- [`delay`](https://github.com/sindresorhus/delay) – Delay a promise
- [`execa`](https://github.com/sindresorhus/execa) – Process execution for humans
- [`ky`](https://github.com/sindresorhus/ky) – Tiny & elegant HTTP client
- [`p-queue`](https://github.com/sindresorhus/p-queue) – Promise queue with concurrency control
- [`p-retry`](https://github.com/sindresorhus/p-retry) – Retry a promise-returning function

His commitment to high-quality, well-documented, and beautifully designed open source software is truly inspiring. If you find his work useful, consider [sponsoring him](https://github.com/sponsors/sindresorhus).

## License

MIT
